# ADU-Home-Display-Design
##ENG 100D Fall 2022
##Project Summary
Executive Summary

Our partner organization is Triton Solar Decathlon (TSD) which is a group of undergraduate UC San Diego students involved in developing ADUs for sustainable and affordable housing amidst the California housing crisis. They are currently working on their project to be submitted to the Orange County Sustainability Decathlon Build Challenge in 2023 and are in partnership with the Greater Victory Church in Logan Heights as a community partner. 

Our users can be identified as low-income Latinx families who reside in Logan Heights. Residents in this community need a smart home display to inform them of their energy usage in real-time and to be aware of their consumption in relation to costs. Currently, they are paying their electricity bills without knowing the specific consumption of their appliances or parts of their house. 

In our design approach, we went through the stages of secondary research, and ideation by brainstorming features and information architecture on paper, sketched out possible concepts for our display user interface, and created wireframes and low-fidelity prototypes on Figma. After creating our low-fidelity prototype, we communicated with D2 (the backend team) to understand what was feasible in our design or not and iterated with a high-fidelity prototype. We conducted four usability tests to gain feedback on the user experience behind our design and made iterations based on our testing insights. Over this time, we continuously communicated with D2 as well as with our assigned point of contact from TSD (Anne). 

Our final design prototype can be found through this link here. The prototype starts at the homepage, where we have a navigation bar to the left (users can go to the different pages in one click whichever page they are on for easy access) and a card layout on the right. The cards include one for rooms where the user can either go to the full 3D ADU model by clicking on it or to each room right away instead. Another card is for the net energy usage which users can click to expand the graph and see it in two filters: time and room. On the room-specific page (i.e. Living Room), users can choose which graph to see through the four different button tabs on the top. They can also filter through time (hour, day, week, month). Then, on the appliances page, users see through a room and/or time filter the amount of energy and cost of such energy per appliance. This visualization is done by the size of circles; the larger the circle is, the more energy the appliance consumed. Due to time constraints, these are the four main pages we have designed (homepage, rooms, net energy usage, appliances). 
